# The Gorgon's Eye
A mod for BG:EE that adds a thieves guild into the town of Beregost.
<h2>Prequel</h2>
<p>After violating the terms of his separation from the Shadow Thieves, Baldwin
"The Butcher" Glendale, fled north to Beregost, where he formed his own guild,
the Gorgon's Eye. He pressed the local pickpockets and began amassing a vast
network of contacts and spies. The locals have begun to show signs of unrest,
however, and are making plans of their own to combat this new threat. On top of
that, the impending confrontation with the Shadow Thieves lies near on the
horizon. Currently, Baldwin is in active recruitment, seeking adventurers to
aid him in the search for a dark and powerful staff called the Kerykeion. If
successful, it would grant him unimaginable power, allowing nothing to stand in
his way.</p>

<h2>Mod Overview</h2>
<p>The Gorgon's Eye is a small content mod for BG:EE/SoD and EET that adds a
thieves guild into the town of Beregost. It contains 18 new quests, 2 new
areas(reused), some new characters, a new store that buys stolen goods, a
brothel, a high-stakes casino, some new items and a very small item-upgrade. It
can be accessed immediately after leaving Candlekeep and is open to all
players, excluding those with a lawful-good alignment.</p>

<h2>Future Content</h2>

Danika, a new joinable Demarchess of Mask NPC.

Demarch/ess of Mask, a new cleric kit.

Quests following the conclusion of the mod's story.

A few new items and possibly upgrades.
 
<h2>Acknowledgements</h2>
<p>This mod would not have been possible without DnD Detective's mod tutorial 
videos on YouTube. They really helped me bridge the gap between knowing
absolutely nothing about how to start a mod, to being able to create working
content. This mod would also have been completely lacking if not for all the 
gracious help I recieved from the G3 community, who answered and provided
reference for all my questions.</p>

BAMWorkshop: Erephine and Sam

IESDP: igi and lynx

Music: Hayato Matsuo, Masaharu Iwata and Hitoshi Sakimoto

NearInfinity: Argent77, Jon Olav Hauglid and FredSRichardson

Portraits: The NwN Vault  

WeiDU: Wes Weimer, the bigg and Wisp

<h2>Version History</h2>

<p>Version 1:</p>
<p>-ALPHA Release</p>

<h2>Legal</h2>
<p>This mod is unofficial Fan Content permitted under the Fan Content Policy. Not
approved/endorsed by Wizards. Portions of the materials used are property of
Wizards of the Coast. Â©Wizards of the Coast LLC. This mod is also not
developed, supported, or endorsed by BioWare, Black Isle Studios, Interplay
Entertainment Corp., Overhaul Games or Beamdog. All other trademarks and
copyrights are property of their respective owners.</p>
